BD procedure.md, before:

BD procedure

TF task

1. practice session, required at least 75% accuracy to proceed, if less than 75%, need to retake practice until passed
2. black helvetica 18 on white background
3. s1, s2, s3 presented one at a time, no time limit
4, the final target sentence appeared one word at a time, divided into three units (t1, t2, t3)
    - time limit for each unit, 400ms * number of words
5. after the three units, a tf question appeared
    - also timed and stayed on screen for 400ms * number of words
6 then participants saw the true/false prompt screen and had 1800ms to register their response
    - press "x" for true, "y" for false
7 half did experimentA, half did experimentB, with practice being the same. 
8. controlled for handedness by counterbalancing the response options


EDT task
1. same stimuli and text presentation format as the TF task
2. instead of TF, they judged whether target sentences communicated praise or criticism, taking into account the *entire* story
3. participants have 1500ms to make their decision
    - screen showed PRAISING / CRITICAl and chose by using the x (praise) and y (critical) keys
4. half did experiment 1 list and half did experiment 2 list

Commit message:

return from the dead
Added a norming study, modularize the lextale and demographic aspects into separate files making for less clutter

BD procedure.md, after:

BD procedure

TF task

1. practice session, required at least 75% accuracy to proceed, if less than 75%, need to retake practice until passed
2. black helvetica 18 on white background
3. s1, s2, s3 presented one at a time, no time limit
4, the final target sentence appeared one word at a time, divided into three units (t1, t2, t3)
    - time limit for each unit, 400ms * number of words
5. after the three units, a tf question appeared
    - also timed and stayed on screen for 400ms * number of words
6 then participants saw the true/false prompt screen and had 1800ms to register their response
    - press "x" for true, "y" for false
7 half did experimentA, half did experimentB, with practice being the same. 
8. controlled for handedness by counterbalancing the response options


EDT task
1. same stimuli set and procedure in EDT format as the TF task
2. instead of TF, they judged whether target sentences communicated praise or criticism, taking into account the *entire* story
3. participants have 1500ms to make their decision
    - screen showed PRAISING / CRITICAl and chose by using the x (praise) and y (critical) keys
4. half did experiment 1 list and half did experiment 2 list


Ironicity test
Ironicity test. The goal of the ironicity test was to check if ironic comments were understood as ironic. 

In total, 26 students of the Faculty of English participated in this test (Mage = 23.8; range = 23–26; 29 women, 7 men). They reported that they have been studying English for 13.4 years on average. Each participant responded to 32 experimental stories out of 96 stories. 

One participant saw only one version of each story. 

Participants’ tasks were to rate the ironicity of the target sentences on a 4-point Likert-type scale (where 0 stands for non-ironic, 3 stands for very ironic). 

This scale (1) tested if participants identify all ironic comments as ironic (never choose 0), and (2) measured the perceived ironicity of the ironic comments. 

The results demonstrated that participants recognized all ironic stories as ironic, and all the non-ironic stories as non-ironic, thus indicating that in the off-line condition respondents successfully differentiated between irony and non-irony. 

In addition, this test showed that stories featuring ironic praise were rated significantly lower on the ironicity scale (M = 2.45, SD = 0.348) than stories featuring ironic criticism (M = 2.76, SD = 0.273; t(25) = 3.13, p < .01), indicating that participants found ironic praise to be less ironic than ironic criticism. 

This result supports the predominant view that ironic praise is a less frequent, and also a less prototypical type of irony, and as such may be more effortful to process than ironic criticism.
